# Load Balancing Across Two Deployments
Create two deployments, and customize the service selector to spread connections across the pods of both deployments.

Our goal here will be to create a service that load balances connections to two different deployments. You might use this as a simplistic way to run two versions of your apps in parallel for a period of time.

In the real world, you'll likely use 3rd party load balancer to provide advanced blue/green or canary-style deployuments, but this assignment will help further your understanding of how service selectors are used to find pods and use them as service endpoints.

For simplicity, version 1 of ur application will be using NGINX image, and version 2 of our application will be using the Apache image. They both listen on port 80 by default and have different HTML by default so that it's easy to distinguish which is being accessed.

1. What commands did you use to perform the following ?
  1. Create a deployment running one pod using the official NGINX image.
  2. Expose that deployment.
  3. Check that you can succesfully connect to the exposed service.

2. What commands did you use to perform the following?
  1. Change (edit) the service definition to use a label/value of myapp:web
  2. Check that you cannot connect to the exposed service anymore.
  3. Change (edit) the deployment definition to add that label/value to the pod template.
  4. Check that you *can* connect to the exposed service again.

3. What commands did you use to perform the following?
  1. Create a deployment running one pod using the official Apache image (httpd).
  2. Change (edit) the deployment definition to add the label/value picked previously.
  3. Connect to the exposed service again.
  (It should now yield responses from both Apache and NGINX.)

-- Solution --
```shell
#1
kubectl create deploy web --image nginx
kubectl expose deployment web --port 80
kubectl get svc web
minikube ssh
# Using minikube. Get into minikube and execute:
curl $cluster-ip
#2
kubectl edit service web
# Use editor to change selector app to myapp
# Use the same method that before with minikube ssh to check connection with pod
kubectl get svc web
minikube ssh
curl $cluster-ip
kubectl edit deployment web
# Use editor to add label myapp
#Check again with minikube ssh and curl
#3
kubectl create deploy web2 --image httpd
kubectl edit deployment web2
# Add label myapp=web
#then using minikube ssh check that service works now balancing between web and web2 pods
```
